In the previous video,
we learned what a graph is.
We gained insight into both
the mathematician's view and
the computer scientist's view.
Now we want to look at the big
picture of graph analytics.
Why are we doing what we are doing, and
why do I need a graph
representation on graph analytics?
Let's start with a graph network which you
may already be familiar with, Facebook.
Here is my Facebook page.
Let's look at it and
consider some of the elements it contains.
There is a primary user, and that's me.
There are my friends.
And typically there are some posts,
some of which may have media in them,
such as video.
What else does it have?
Well, let's consider what's inside a post.
The post contains text.
It has tags.
I tag some people,
some people comment on my post.
If somebody's commenting,
then that means there must be a commenter
who is also a user in the Facebook.
Other people like my post or
they like a comment and
they also respond to some of the comments.
Many posts have locations
associated with them as well.
When we consider all of these together,
do you see the graph?
Well if not, we'll show you.
Here, we see very much the same types of
information but now they're in a graph.
First, notice me on the far left.
If you look carefully at this graph you'll
also notice there are relations labeled
Friend-of and Created_post and parts
of the post and everything that you saw
before that are now organized in terms of
objects and relationship speaking objects.
The objects here on the post, comments on
the post, replies to the comments and so
forth, and the relationships also
include tagged in or refers to.
So this is sort of the big picture, right?
Next we will look at 4 specific
Use Cases in four different disciplines.
The first one will be on Social Media.
The second one will be on biology,
where we'll look at genes and diseases.
The third one will be Human Information
Network, which means personal information.
And the fourth one will
be on smart cities.
Let's go through these
examples one by one.